dom.json
~~~~~~~~

This file contains data on DOM APIs.

* Structure

The file contains an object with following data:

  create_event [object]

    Names are the available arguments to the |createEvent| method of
    the |Document| interface, in ASCII lowercase, and values are
    corresponding DOM interface names, as specified by the DOM
    Standard.  Note that the argument is compared ASCII
    case-insensitively by the method.

  global_members [members]

    Members of global objects defined by IDL fragments and Web IDL
    specification, such as interface objects and constructors.

  global_names [object]

    Names are known global names and values are their descriptions,
    represented as JSON objects whose names are interface names
    associated with the global name and values are boolean true
    values.

  idl_defs [members]

    Web IDL definitions extracted from relevant IDL fragments.

  node_types [object]

    List of known node types.  Names are node type constants
    (numbers).  Values are objects containing properties of the node
    types:

      const [string]

        The name of the constant for the node type.

      interface [string]

        The DOM interface used for the node type.

  primary_global [string]

    The primary global interface, i.e. |Window|.

* Sources

DOM Standard <http://dom.spec.whatwg.org/>.

DOM Parsing and Serialization Standard
<http://domparsing.spec.whatwg.org/>.

DOM Level 3 XPath <http://www.w3.org/TR/DOM-Level-3-XPath/xpath.html>.

DOM XPath <http://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/DOM_XPath>.

DOM Document Type Definitions
<http://suika.suikawiki.org/www/markup/xml/domdtdef/domdtdef>.

Web IDL <http://heycam.github.io/webidl/>.

HTML Standard <http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/>.

XMLHttpRequest <http://xhr.spec.whatwg.org/>.

URL Standard <https://url.spec.whatwg.org/>.

* License

You are granted a license to use, reproduce, and create derivative
works of the JSON file.

Per CC0 <https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>, to the
extent possible under law, the author of the JSON file and this
document has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to
the JSON file and this document.

The JSON file contains data extracted from DOM Standard.  "To the
extent possible under law, the editors have waived all copyright and
related or neighboring rights to this work.  In addition, as of 26 May
2014, the editors have made this specification available under the
Open Web Foundation Agreement Version 1.0, which is available at
http://www.openwebfoundation.org/legal/the-owf-1-0-agreements/owfa-1-0."

The JSON file contains data extracted from DOM Parsing and
Serialization Standard.  "To the extent possible under law, the
editors have waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to
this work.  In addition, as of 13 March 2014, the editors have made
this specification available under the Open Web Foundation Agreement
Version 1.0, which is available at
http://www.openwebfoundation.org/legal/the-owf-1-0-agreements/owfa-1-0."

The JSON file contains data extracted from WHATWG Wiki.  "Content is
available under a CC0 Universal Public Domain Declaration, with some
restrictions <http://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/WHATWG_Wiki:Copyrights>
unless otherwise noted."

The JSON file contains data extracted from HTML Standard.  "Â©
Copyright 2004-2011 Apple Computer, Inc., Mozilla Foundation, and
Opera Software ASA.  You are granted a license to use, reproduce and
create derivative works of this document."

The JSON file contains data extracted from XMLHttpRequest Standard.
"To the extent possible under law, the editor has waived all copyright
and related or neighboring rights to this work. In addition, as of 29
July 2014, the editor has made this specification available under the
Open Web Foundation Agreement Version 1.0, which is available at
http://www.openwebfoundation.org/legal/the-owf-1-0-agreements/owfa-1-0."

The JSON file contains data extracted from URL Standard.  "Per CC0
<https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>, to the extent
possible under law, the editors have waived all copyright and related
or neighboring rights to this work."
